Added package entry in issue template (#908)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

### Search terms you've used
<!-- What search terms have you used to check whether this bug was already reported? -->

### Impacted package

> What package(s) of the monorepo is impacted by the bug ?

Reviewer: This might be a new term for people and doesn't really matter to the answer:

```suggestion
What package(s) is impacted by the bug ?
```

> What package(s) of the monorepo is impacted by the bug ?

Reviewer 2: Further to Vinnie's comment, maybe this wording is better (and removes the need for '...package(s) is(are)...' :) !)
```suggestion
Which packages do you think might be impacted by the bug ?
```

- [ ] solid-client-authn-browser
- [ ] solid-client-authn-node
- [ ] solid-client-authn-core
- [ ] oidc-client-ext

> - [ ] Other (please specify): ...

Reviewer: Sounds like this might be useful :) (Though maybe just "is your app running in Node or in the browser" would be easier to answer and provide most of the relevant info.)

```suggestion
- [ ] Other (please specify): ...
- [ ] I don't know
```

Author: That's a good point, actually I'll change to that, in 90% of the cases that's going to be what we need to know, and I expect the remaining 10% to be bugs we report ourselves ^^
